Updating Magento2 API + WP API docs (#9)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/falcon-server/extensions.md

title: Extensions
---

Falcon-Server provides its own base GraphQL Schema, that defines data types, queries
and mutations, so every Extension could use its types and extend them (if needed).

> Check the current **Falcon-Server** base GraphQL Schema [here](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/blob/master/packages/falcon-server/src/schema.graphql)

Currently, DEITY provides the following list of officially supported extensions:

- [`@deity/falcon-shop-extension`](#shop-extension)
- [`@deity/falcon-blog-extension`](#blog-extension)

## Shop Extension

> Check the current **@deity/falcon-shop-extension** GraphQL Schema [here](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/blob/master/packages/falcon-shop-extension/src/schema.graphql)

> This extension provides basic features for shop implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension provides basic features for a webshop implementation:
```

- Products
- Categories
- Customer area
- Checkout
- Cart etc.

> To enable it in your Falcon-based application you have to provide API that delivers resolvers for queries and mutations as this extension delegates execution of those to API class that is responsible for communication with 3rd party backend. For the example see [Magento2 API](/docs/falcon-server/api-providers#falcon-magento-2-api) that provides a communication layer with Magento2 backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable it in your Falcon-based application you have to provide an API that delivers resolvers for queries and mutations as this extension delegates execution of those to the API class that is responsible for communication with a 3rd party backend. For the example see [Magento 2 API](/docs/falcon-server/api-providers#falcon-magento-2-api) that provides a communication layer with the Magento 2 backend.
```
